[Music]
Christ died 300 feet all ahead full
closet his door coming in fast
[Music]
got a lot of guts era with other
people's lives that's my decision and my
responsibility the home sir to a crew
that died a year ago yes so it get crew
again so I'll take a rain check on the
drink you're sure
some other time lieutenant if there
isn't another time good luck
take good care of my husband I'll take
camera
[Music]
[Applause]
range 1800 yards commence firing
plow one by one fire one
[Music]
[Applause]
hi
[Music]
look I never keep anything from a crew I
don't expect them to keep anything for
me so come on speak up I've been looking
through the Navy rules and regulation
want you to take over you make one move
to take over this boat and I swear I'll
see that you're hung and we'll hang
together the orders were disobeyed it's
a proven fact no more technicalities a
fleet bow to the Navy a submarine with
her fighting power still intact and you
take her back to Pearl I don't believe
it
[Music]